update the Crypto App Getting Started and code example (#353)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/apps/crypto-trading.md

title: Crypto Trading Bot
---

## Crypto App details

| **Tenant** | **Fabric** | **Stream App** | **GUI** | **Source Code**|
|----------- |----------|----|-----------|-----------|

> |  `demo@macrometa.io` | `_system` | `crypto-trading-app` | [**Crypto Trading GUI**](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) |[github](https://github.com/Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  `demo@macrometa.io` | `_system` | `Crypto-Trading-App` | [**Crypto Trading GUI**](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) |[github](https://github.com/Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading)|
```

title: Crypto Trading Bot
---

## Crypto App details

| **Tenant** | **Fabric** | **Stream App** | **GUI** | **Source Code**|
|----------- |----------|----|-----------|-----------|
|  `demo@macrometa.io` | `_system` | `crypto-trading-app` | [**Crypto Trading GUI**](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) |[github](https://github.com/Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading)|

> Read our [Blog Post](https://www.macrometa.com/blog/cryptocurrency-trading-building-a-multi-exchange-global-trading-bot) about exchange arbitrage and how the app works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read our blog post [How To Build A Crypto Arbitrage Trading Bot](https://www.macrometa.com/blog/cryptocurrency-trading-building-a-multi-exchange-global-trading-bot) to learn more about exchange arbitrage and how the app works.
```

Reviewer: "Blog post" is extremely vague link text. Try to be as specific as possible, preferably matching the title of whatever you are linking to.

## Configure the Crypto App

1. Log in to the [Macrometa Console](https://auth.paas.macrometa.io/) 

> 2. Go to the Collections tab and create a new `Doc` collection named `trades` with `collection stream enabled` checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the Collections tab and create a new document collection named `trades` with `collection stream enabled` checked. For more information about creating document collections, refer to [Create a Document Collection](ADD LINK TEXT HERE).
```

3. Click **Stream Workers**.
4. Click **New Stream Worker** named `Crypto-Trading-App`.
5. Copy and past the [code example](#crypto-app-stream-worker-code) into the editor.

> 6. Click **Save**. When you do we validate your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Save**. 

    Macrometa validates your code.
```

Reviewer: Can you add a little more here about the validation? What if it says the code is invalid? Is the validate line even useful in this context, or should we take it out?

> 7. After you click save you will be prompted to select one or more locations to deploy your Stream Worker. Choose the location that is closest to where you are located, and click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select one or more locations to deploy your stream worker. Choose the location that is closest to where you are located, and then click **Save**.
```

8. Click **Publish**.

> Once you the publish the Stream Worker, go over to our [live frontend](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) and use your Macrometa account credentials to log into your account. Select the location you deployed the Stream Worker to, and you will see the app come to life!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you the publish the stream worker, navigate to the [live frontend](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) and use your Macrometa account credentials to log in to your account. Select the location you deployed the stream worker to, and you will see the app come to life!
```

title: Crypto Trading Bot
---

> ### Crypto App details

Reviewer: Please change all headings at this level to h2.

| **Tenant** | **Fabric** | **Stream App** | **GUI** | **Source Code**|
|----------- |----------|----|-----------|-----------|
|  `demo@macrometa.io` | `_system` | `crypto-trading-app` | [**Crypto Trading GUI**](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) |[github](https://github.com/Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading)|

> :::note

Reviewer: Remove this note.

Stream Workers is currently an Enterprise only feature. 
Please contact support@macrometa.com if you have any questions.
:::

### Configure the Crypto App

> 1. If you haven't already, [sign up for a free Macrometa Playground account](https://auth.paas.macrometa.io/signup). 

Reviewer: Remove this step. It's covered in the following step for logging in. You might take a look at the tasks in the Streams or Collections sections to see how we do this.

> 2. Log in to the [Macrometa Console](https://auth.paas.macrometa.io/) Go to the Collections tab and create a new `Doc` collection named `trades` with `collection stream enabled` checked.

Reviewer: Rewrite this as multiple steps. You can link to instructions for tasks like Create a Document Collection.

title: Crypto Trading Bot
---

> ### Crypto App details

Reviewer: Headings should start at h2, not h3. Change throughout.

| **Tenant** | **Fabric** | **Stream App** | **GUI** | **Source Code**|
|----------- |----------|----|-----------|-----------|
|  `demo@macrometa.io` | `_system` | `crypto-trading-app` | [**Crypto Trading GUI**](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) |[github](https://github.com/Macrometacorp/tutorial-cryptotrading)|

:::note
Stream Workers is currently an Enterprise only feature. 
Please contact support@macrometa.com if you have any questions.
:::

> ### Configuring the Crypto App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the Crypto App
```

> 1. If you haven't already, [signup](https://auth.paas.macrometa.io/signup) for a free Macrometa Playground account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you haven't already, [sign up for a free Macrometa Playground account](https://auth.paas.macrometa.io/signup). 
```

Reviewer: "signup" is a noun
"sign up" is a verb

> 2. Login into the [Macrometa Console](https://auth.paas.macrometa.io/) Go to the `Collections` tab and create a new `Doc` collection named `trades` with `collection stream enabled` checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log in to the [Macrometa Console](https://auth.paas.macrometa.io/) Go to the Collections tab and create a new `Doc` collection named `trades` with `collection stream enabled` checked.
```

Reviewer: This is actually three steps. Please break it up.

Also, "login" is a noun. "Log in" is a verb.

Reviewer: Per the [Google Developer Style Guide](https://developers.google.com/style/ui-elements), UI items that you click are bold, not code style.

> 3. Open the `Stream Workers` tab and create a new `Stream Worker` named `Crypto-Trading-App`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Stream Workers**.
4. Click **New Stream Worker** named `Crypto-Trading-App`.
```

> 4. Copy and past the code example into the editor.

Reviewer: Link to the code example. Also, you should not have empty lines between numbered steps.

> 5. Click save and enable on location that is closest to where you are located around the globe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save** and enable on location that is closest to where you are located around the globe.
```

Reviewer: We don't want to validate the code? Is that a best practice? Also, give more specific instructions for how to enable the location.

> 6. Click publish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Publish**.
```

> Once you the publish the Stream Worker, go over to our [live frontend](https://macrometacorp.github.io/tutorial-cryptotrading/) and use your Macrometa account credentials to log into your account. Select the location you deployed the Stream Worker to, and you will see the app come to life!

Reviewer: If the user is using their credentials, then why are the demo credentials at the top of this page?

Author: They can use the demo creds to see one in action without needed to set up their account.

> ### Stream Worker Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Crypto App Stream Worker Code
```

Reviewer: Try to use specific headings.

```js

> @App:name("Crypto-Trading-App")

Reviewer: The name, description, and version appear automatically. They are not needed here.

@App:description("Crypto Trading demo")
@App:qlVersion('2')

-- The trigger
CREATE TRIGGER CryptoTraderEventsTrigger WITH ( interval = 5 sec );

/*
This app reads every 5 seconds the close prices FROM Coinbase, Bitstamp and Bitflyer exchanges APIs.
Then it calculates the average prices within 10 events window and creates a "BUY/SELL" trading strategy.

> The close and average prices are stored in CryptoTraderQuotesAvgXXX streams 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The close and average prices are stored in CryptoTraderQuotesAvgXXX streams.
```

> whereas the strategy is kept in trades collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The strategy is kept in trades collection.
```

/**

> Testing the Stream Application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test the Stream Application:
```

    1. Publish the app
       

>     2. Start the GUI against the same federation

Reviewer: Not sure what this procedure here is for, didn't you give steps for this already? Either way, rewrite to remove "federation."

*/

> -- Streams for the http call requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Streams for the HTTP call requests
```

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CREATE SINK UsdCryptoTraderRequestStream WITH (type='http-call', publisher.url='https://api.pro.coinbase.com/products/btc-usd/ticker', method='GET', headers="'User-Agent:c8cep'", sink.id='coinbase-ticker', map.type='json') (triggered_time string);

CREATE SINK EurCryptoTraderRequestStream WITH (type='http-call', publisher.url='https://www.bitstamp.net/api/v2/ticker/btceur', method='GET', sink.id='bitstamp-ticker', map.type='json') (triggered_time string);

CREATE SINK JpyCryptoTraderRequestStream WITH (type='http-call', publisher.url='https://api.bitflyer.com/v1/ticker', method='GET', sink.id='bitflyer-ticker', map.type='json') (triggered_time string);

> -- Streams for the http call responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Streams for the HTTP call responses
```

Reviewer: Capitalize acronyms. Hypertext transfer protocol.
